Add guidance layer examples (#1949)
grommet/hpe-design-system: aries-site/src/pages/components/layer.mdx

- Modal is best applied when you need to center attention on specific content, a task, or behavior and not allow interactivity with the underlying content.
- Position forms to the right (side-drawer).
- Positioning of notification layers depends on the notification's context. Please refer to [notification guidance](/components/notification) for more detail.
- Layer is not great for navigation as it 'hides' content. Maintain context for the user with layer.

> - Provide an alternative to move out of the layer by allowing use of the 'esc' key. This applies to all Layers, regardless of type (e.g. [informational](/components/layer#informational) or [actionable](/components/layer#actionable)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Provide an alternative to move out of the Layer by allowing use of the 'esc' key. This applies to all Layers, regardless of type (e.g. [informational](/components/layer#informational) or [actionable](/components/layer#actionable)).
```

/>
```

## Types 

All Layers can be categorized into two different types based on the content being displayed, informational or Actionable. This is important to note, as this affects how the user can close the Layer.

### Informational
Used purely to inform users of status or state. These are text-only with no required or optional actions. These can be dialog modals, toast notificatioons, etc.

Informational Layers contain the following elements and interactions:

> - A sole "X" icon for the user to close out of the Layer. All oother elements such as a close buttoon woould onnly cause further clutter and confusion for the user.

Author: Ill look back I think the figma needs to be updated as well.

> - For user generated layers such as directly opened dialog model, the Layer can be closed by clicking outside of it's content. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For dialog modals that open as a result of a user clicking an element on the page, the Layer can be closed by clicking outside of its content. 
```
I'm not fully clear on what this means -- suggesting a wording change based on how i'm interpreting it.

- For system generated layers such as Toast Notification, the layer cannot be closed by clicking outside of it's content.

### Actionable
Provides users with any type of action, required or optional. These can be confirmation, filters, forms, etc.

Actionable Layers contain the following elements and interactions: 
- A cancel or close button will always be positioned within the footer of the Layer. Note that the "X" icon is omitted to avoid any confusion the user may have on which option they should use to close out the Layer. 
- The buttons and the Layer heading will live above all the other content and be sticked during scrolling. 

> - The Layer cannot be closed by clicking outside of it's content. This is to prevent accidental misclicks.

Reviewer 2: ☝️  - yep. I was getting a bit rhetorical...

> - The Layer cannot be closed by clicking outside of it's content. This is to prevent accidental misclicks.

Author: @KennyAtHPE was going to update this porition
